There're some scientists who say that the universe that we inhabit  is not the only universe there is.  There are alternate universes.  They say that these universes arise  from the sub atomic realm of quantum physics. Here's how they say it works.  Every time a quantum event happens, it produces all of its possible results. This is like saying if you flip a coin  it comes up heads, but it also comes up tails.  Since those two results are mutually exclusive,  the flipping of the coin splits the Universe  into two alternate universes . The "heads" universe, and the "tails" universe . And since quantum events are happening all the time, , it means that alternate universes  are bubbling up continually, they're always being created, splitting off from ours . And these alternate universes  are real, they're not just figments of the imagination . They're complete, whole, real things. I know this is true,  because I experienced an alternate universe. I was driving in my volkswagen van, up to a Tai Chi camp, in upstate New York a couple of summers ago.  Um I bought the Volkswagen van when I'd quit my job a few years previously  . I bought the van um because I quit the job as a custom database application engineer.  This was not a job that I really had intended to become, when I was a kid, that's not what I thought I was going to be . Uh it's just sort of the job I happened into, and I always thought of it as the work I was doing before I was gonna find my real work.  But when I got close to about forty, I suddenly thought "oh my god, this could be it".  This could be what I end up doing, this could be on my tombstone.  Tom Wiser, custom database application engineer.   Wrote well optimized queries.  Many customers satisfied.   And I thought, no, that that can't be, it, that can't be all there is. And I quit the job,  without really knowing what I was going to do next, and  and and I knew that what I should do was to take my skill set , and to make a lateral move to a career path that was more appropriate, but  but I I I really didn't want to do that. I didn't want to be so logical. I actually wanted something more  magic. I  I wanted to be like the guy in the fairy tale that  trades the cow for the magic beans.  and and I know that that's a bad deal, I know  that the cow's a better investment.   The cow's gonna pay off in the long term, but but  but but if the magic beans work out,  you're in a whole new story. So  so so I quit the job and I bought a Volkswagen pop top camper van.  And I drove around country in what I thought was, OK.  I'm not going to make a lateral move, I am  going to drive around the country, and I'm gonna open myself up to whatever may come, and then what I'm going to do  is going to arise organically  I'm gonna find my next path there  by the side of the road in Arizona, I'm gonna pick it up, and bring it back to New York.  So, I drove around the country.  Twenty five thousand miles, eight months.  And when I got back to New York  I had no clue.  I really didn't know, and and it left me very vulnerable  to the New York question.  The first question that anybody asks. Which is, "so what do you do?"  I didn't know. I had, I had I didn't have a good answer and it made me feel really embarrassed because  everybody knows what they do, everybody does, and I thought I should, too. So when I was driving the Volkswagen van up to Tai Chi camp,  the other summer, I I felt very relieved because in camp, I know what I do.  I do the camp thing. I do what's at camp and  I don't know if you know this, but there are a lot of camps for adults that are out there. I I found them when I was driving around the country . There are Tai Chi camps and Yoga camps and  and bird watching camps. There's even a camp where you can dress up in armor and joust.    All the things that that give us joy and that we tend to demean with the name hobby.  Those are the things that are that are celebrated in camp.  And when people go to camp they are so lit up, they are finally getting to do that thing, the thing they love, it's like "yes,  I finally get to joust, I don't have time for that anymore  really." So I was going up to camp and feeling pretty good about it and I decided  on the way I would stop into Ithaca.  I heard it was kind of a neat town. So I I pulled off the highway into Ithaca  and um it's on the southern shore of lake Cayuga, there's flatland and these hills. And it has  a a very particular microclimate there  which allows hippies to survive.  All the stores have names like "it takes a village" or "hemp unlimited"   And, and the and the and the children are all completely multiethnic and only wear cloth organic diapers it was  it was really something. I drove around like, sort of like Disney hippie land, just watching it. And then  I drove up the hill, up toward Cornell, which has these stately buildings on the hilltop . And and as I drove onto the campus,  I had this  stabbing sensation and I suddenly was pierced with a vision  of an alternate universe.  My alternate life. I thought "oh my god, I was supposed to go to Cornell."  "If I had gone to Cornell I would have studied animal behavior, and right now, I'd be a professor of evolutionary biology!"  I'm a professor of evolutionary biology and I've got a wife!  She's got dark hair, she's really smart. And I'm a professor with a  wife and  we've got two kids!  They like to sing.  It was this  completely realized vision of this alternate life, and it looked so good, alternate Ithaca Tom, he'd made these great choices.  It was really working out. And  and I drove around in a in a kind of a wash of nostalgia for this life that I hadn't had.    Wow, there's the human ecology center, I did all my grad work there.  And there's this funky cottage that I used to live in when I had six roommates, and we had a chore wheel and  ate brown rice,   and and there was these gorges that we used to do drum circles in and songs to the goddess and it was  and and there was this woman that looked just like my wife would have looked when I would have met her.  I was overwhelmed by it, I couldn't stand to stay there any longer I  I drove off the campus, I fled Ithaca  and and flew to Tai Chi camp. But alternate Ithaca Tom came with me.   Now, now at camps I tend to really have a good time, I I laugh a lot, I joke a lot, especially  in Tai Chi camp, with the residents are kind of serious and slow moving . I I can't help but kind of tease them. And, and in this particular camp, , uh the teacher  said that we were going to be meditating every morning from seven to eight.  and she was looking for a volunteer, someone, a musician  that would  wander the hallways um playing an instrument or singing to wake up the residents.  I'm not a morning person,  and so I thought, oh, so I have a choice here, either it's gonna be six thirty, I'll be  lying in my bed, really grumpy,  while some asshole sings outside my door,  or, I could be the singing asshole.  For the rest of that week, I was the singing asshole of the camp.  Every morning I would I would roam the halls singing lustily, waiting  waking up all of my fellow  Tai Chi players and  I and and the the people there saw me laughing and singing and they said, Tom, it's really great to have you here, you're so happy, you're such a happy guy, and I thought  yeah, you think I'm happy, but you haven't seen alternate Ithaca Tom!  I've seen him! He's happy!  And and the fact that he was so much happier than me was making me miserable. And I kept looking at everybody else's life. And and comparing myself to them. And  I remember having lunch with a  a woman who was in her sixties, and she was a calligrapher.  And she was about to have her first grandchild, she was really excited and I thought   maybe calligraphy  .   That, that could be it  . And and then there was this other guy, he had studied Tai Chi when he was in his twenties, and now he was a sales rep at Dell  and I thought, dammit! if I had studies Tai Chi in my twenties maybe  I could be a sales rep at Dell now!  I've never wanted to be a sales rep, but I was, , I was just getting carried away . That feeling that I was in the wrong life, I was in the wrong place, I couldn't shake it . I I really tried to absorb the lesson of Tai Chi. Which is  to be present. Just relax,  accept what's coming to you.  And be present here.  But I thought, yeah, yeah, that would be easy it's  so much easier  to accept where you are if only you're in the right place! Well eventually camp was over and I I left, I drove back to New York, and as I was  driving away over the George Washington Bridge I could still hear alternate Ithaca Tom. He was  hanging around me, haunting me like a ghost, and I thought oh god , I need professional help.  So I made an appointment with the family psychic  . This is the guy that's done readings for all of my siblings, and my cousins, and I went to see him and  he's an astrologer so he did out my chart and  this time he was very interested in  this polarity that he saw. He said "you have Saturn in the midheaven". And this  marks you as a person who could be very organizational.  The organizational man, the hierarchical one.  Uh the corporate guy. The dad, the provider  . Not particularly sexy but a straight up guy.   On the other hand, there's pisces and the sun  and they're they're uh they're squared with each other, you can't resolve them, pisces and the dreamer, the mystic  the guy that's  the artist that's never quite pinned down, never quite in a relationship  and and you have to  balance these two, you you have to chose one or the other and  and and normally I love to hear this kind of thing, this is the great thing about going to a psychic, is that  for an hour they just talk about me!  Its,  its so interesting!   But this time I was so caught up with Alternate Ithaca Tom I couldn't really  appreciate it all. So I I just blurted out what had happened to me, and I asked him  what does this mean? And the psychic said  wow.  This represents a fundamental choice that you've made in your life.  You could have been  the hierarchical guy. But you chose to be the piscean.  If you had decided  to be an academic, you would have been very successful.  There's no doubt that the university structure would have  raised you up, you probably would be married, have kids. I thought aw, shit, alternate Ithaca Tam  made the right choices!!  But the psychic said  if you had become an academic,  your wife would have had an affair with your brother, or your best friend.   Alternate Ithaca Tom is crushed.   He's just found out that his wife is having an affair with his research partner! This is the guy he's been working with for fifteen years!  It's a long term affair, they're  they're moving in together, she's taking the kids!  He's completely crushed, poor alternate Ithaca Tom. He  he starts drinking  he can't keep his  lecture notes together, he can't keep his research together he's coming up for tenure and it's all  falling apart,  and in the midst  of his turmoil, he's suddenly  pierced by this vision  of himself, driving a Volkswagen van.  He's off to camp, uh, it's a Tai Chi camp!  He's  he's not married, , he doesn't have kids! he doesn't even have a job!  He's completely free. It looks so good this image,  it pierces him to his heart  . It begins to hang around him and to haunt him  like a hungry ghost.